Add SQL PIT reference (#8541)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/searching-data/point-in-time.md

In case of a cluster or node failure, all PIT data is lost.
{: .note}

### PIT in SQL

> The [SQL plugin]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/sql/index/) also supports pagination using PIT. When the `plugin.sql.pagination.api` setting is enabled (the default), SQL search queries in OpenSearch will automatically use PIT under the hood. See [Pagination in SQL]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/sql/sql-ppl-api/#paginating-results) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [SQL plugin]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/sql/index/) also supports pagination using PIT. When the `plugin.sql.pagination.api` setting is enabled (the default), SQL search queries in OpenSearch automatically uses PIT internally.  For more information, see [Pagination in SQL]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/sql/sql-ppl-api/#paginating-results).
```
